h2. youtube-video-display

h3. DESCRIPTION:

A Flex 3 component that allows you to play youtube videos inside video display component.

h3. INSTALLATION:

git clone git@github.com:camwest/youtube-video-display.git youtube-video-display

h3. REQUIREMENTS:

You need to proxy requests through a small php script (see proxy.php) for this to work properly.


h3. SETTING UP THE EXAMPLE IN MAC OS X

# In Terminal.app type @git clone git@github.com:camwest/youtube-video-display.git ~/Sites/youtube-video-display@
# Edit */etc/hosts* in your favourite editor
# Add @127.0.0.1    youtubevideodisplay.local@
# In Terminal.app get the exact path to the directory by typing @pwd ~/Sites/youtube-video-display/@
# Edit */etc/apache2/extra/httpd-vhosts.conf* in your favourite editor
# Add the following:

<code>
&lt;VirtualHost *&gt;
    ServerName "youtubevideodisplay.local"
    DocumentRoot "PATH_FROM_STEP_4"
&lt;/VirtualHost&gt;
</code>

# Restart apache from terminal by typing @sudo apachectl graceful@ and entering your password
# Navigate to *http://youtubevideodisplay.local/bin/main.html* and voila!


h3. LICENSE:

Copyright (c) 2008 Big Bang Technology Inc.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE
LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION
OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

